The true protector is you, Lam Tu Tu.
Ha ha ha ha
They were originally a mountain of hatred.
I'm sure you testify for him.
Please everyone must believe me.
I am truly the protector of heaven and earth.
As long as anyone wants
Help me get these two little people off their horses.
Next day there will be thanks.
Ha ha ha ha ha
HAS.
Everyone, listen to what the hell they're saying.
Uncle Minh, whoever is here.
Those are all the richest people on one side.
Even the rich Long Xuyen did not look him in the eye.
Will leave you like that.
A groundhog crawled out from the ground floor.
Young lady, don't be so paranoid.
The poor devil is wasting his time.
Or is the Second Family's enthronement ceremony more important?
I'll call the asylum right now.
Let them take this mentally unstable idiot away.
Pull away.
That way he won't come to insult the lady again.
Good good good good
So what are you waiting for?
Let's go.
Take this bitch off for me.
I see who dares
Pho Dien Nien, you think clearly.
You do this now
It is against the Bang Dien Group.
You for such a slut
Is it worth it?
I care about you, what is the headquarters of the Long Quoc Bang Dien Group?
I just need Pho Dien Nien for one more day
You will not touch a single hair of his.
Master, whether you are poor or rich
You are all my opinion.
Bag
Good bag.